# Software-Development-Lifecycle

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
  User needs are interpreted by creating user stories and then test cases based on what the user desires. Those needs are then implemented into the program based on the user stories. A portion of creating a user story and a test case includes clearly defining what needs to happen in order for this need to be satisfied and what should happen on the back end to ensure that the need is satisfied. These tasks are then displayed during the sprint planning process and will eventually be implemented into the program during the sprint. 
  
How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
  I approach developing programs as going through a miniature individual sprint. I have my "user stories" explained to me in the prompt for the program or have an idea of what I need the program to do. I then plan out what I need to develop within the code to have a successful program and then complete those tasks. At the end, I test the code to ensure that my beginning user needs are met. This incorporates the planning, the development, and the testing processes into the development of code. In my future development work, I hope to include the designing process into my future development work. As is, I have an idea of what I want to do when developing programs but dont always have it all spelled out. 
  
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
  A good team member in software development is transparent, helpful, and determined. It is important to establish an open line of communication with team members. This requires transparency regarding your tasks, thoughts regarding the project, and any other team business. You want everyone to feel like trust isnt an issue with you and you also want to be able to trust your other teammates. Helpfulness is a must when on a software development team. This ties in with transparency as you need to be comfortabe asking for and reciveing help. It is important to realize that being on a team means that if one of us sinks, we all sink. You should always be able to extend a helpful hand when it is needed. And lastly, a good team member is determined. Of course, success is not always linear and sometimes we do fail. The key is being able to bounce back with determination to complete the task whether that involves asking for help or figuring out another way to get the end goal. 
